CSS Functions lesson: update clamp() section (#23782)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: html_css/intermediate_css/css_math_functions.md

#### clamp()

`clamp()` is a great way to make elements fluid and responsive.
`clamp()` takes 3 values:

~~~css
font-size: clamp(320px, 80vw, 60rem);

> ~~~

Reviewer: Can this CSS property be nested in a CSS selector? `h1`, `h2`, or `h3`, any of these should be good.

Author: Yes, I have added a h1 selector to the clamp() CSS code example.

1. the smallest value (320px)
2. the ideal value (80vw)
3. the largest value (60rem)

> The `clamp()` CCS function uses these values to set the smallest value, ideal value and largest value. In the above example, this would mean the smallest acceptable font-size would be 320px and the largest would be 60rem. The middle value of 80vw would be the ideal font-size.

Reviewer: Type and wording suggestion:

```suggestion
The `clamp()` CSS function uses these values to set the smallest value, ideal value and largest value. In the above example, this would mean the smallest acceptable font-size would be 320px and the largest would be 60rem. The ideal font-size would be 80vw.
```
